[THEME MUSIC]
>> It is not often that
mainstream media does serious
news reports about alien
beings traveling to Earth
and abducting humans.
But in the December 1974
issue of "Astronomy" magazine,
there was an article entitled
"The Zeta Reticuli Incident."
And that was by astronomer and
author Terence Dickinson, PhD.
The article was
groundbreaking because it
was by a respected PhD scientist
investigating and writing
about a binary star
system that was referenced
in the famous Betty and
Barney Hill human abduction
case of 1961.
That was the first
well-documented human abduction
case publicized
around the world.
The events and the
effort to unlock missing
time by a psychiatrist
Benjamin Simon, MD,
were detailed in that 1966
book, "The Interrupted Journey,"
by John Fuller.
Astronomer Dickinson
began his article,
quote, "A faint pair of stars
220 trillion miles away,
which is about 39 light years,
has been tentatively identified
as the home base of
intelligent extraterrestrials
who allegedly visited Earth
in 1961," close quote.
The stars he referenced
are in the upper right,
underlined with an orange
line as Zeta Reticuli 1 and 2.
That is a binary star
system of yellow suns
that are very similar
to our Earth sun.
Astronomer Dickinson
continued, quote,
"This hypothesis is based on a
strange, almost bizarre series
of events mixing
astronomical research
with hypnosis, amnesia, and
alien humanoid creatures."
That hypnosis, amnesia, and
alien humanoid creatures
that astronomer
Dickinson referred to
are from the Betty and
Barney Hill abduction
case in the White Mountains of
New Hampshire near Franconia
Notch.
It was the night of
September 19, 1961
as the couple drove
home to Portsmouth.
Barney stopped the
car on the road,
and he hurried out
with his binoculars
to get a better look at the disk
with red lights on either end.
And it was descending downward.
Barney estimated the craft
got to about 50 feet from him.
And he could see
humanoids standing
in the windows of the craft.
One humanoid in a
window continued
to stare at Barney, who
became very frightened.
Barney felt the beings
were about to carry out
some type of plan,
and he said it
was the precision
of their movements
that frightened him so badly.
He attempted to pull the
binoculars from his eyes,
but he could not do so.
His arms were paralyzed.
Barney attempted to
reach for his gun,
but his arms would not
move to his coat pocket.
Barney felt that he was
coming under the control
of the humanoid at the
window, who was communicating
telepathically to Barney's
mind to stay where he was
and keep looking
at that humanoid.
No harm would come to Barney,
the thought voice said.
At that point,
Barney was terrified
and felt that he was
about to be captured.
But Barney said on
the hypnosis tapes
that he did not know what they
were going to capture him for.
Barney put the car
into first gear,
and he swiftly took off
down US Highway Route 3.
That's the route they
were traveling on,
the major north-south root
through northern New Hampshire
at that time.
Then, when they were just
a few hundred feet away
from where Barney had
stopped on the road,
the couple heard a series
of electronic buzzing sounds
that seemed to bounce
off the trunk of the car.
The car vibrated,
and Betty and Barney
felt tingling vibrations pass
through their bodies as well.
And that's when they were
abducted by the UFO humanoids
and subjected to tests.
Later, there would
be many small circles
on the back of that trunk
that, inexplicably, no one ever
photographed.
The ET leader communicated
telepathically with Betty Hill
and showed her a
three-dimensional star
map that later she drew under
hypnosis with psychiatrist Dr.
Benjamin Simon.
Betty's sketch
shows several stars,
including our G2
spectrum sun that
is at the upper-right black dot
at the end of the double lines.
The leader alien told Betty
the lines were trade routes
in our solar system.
Further distant to the left,
the gray being mentally
communicated that the
single-dotted lines were
expedition routes.
The large circles with several
trade route lines between them
were matched by amateur
astronomer Marjorie Fish
as being Zeta Reticuli 1 and 2,
a binary star system about 39
lightyears from Earth.
That revelation is why
astronomer Terence Dickinson
wrote "The Zeta Reticuli
Incident" for the December 1974
issue of "Astronomy" magazine.
I contacted a
Washington, DC source
for more information about the
Betty and Barney Hill abduction
case.
My source said the gray beings
in the Betty and Barney Hill
case were-- and
this is his word--
renegades.
He meant those aliens that were
outside the US government's
alleged treaty
with the Ebens, who
wanted to do medical and genetic
experiments on our planet.
According to the
man in Washington,
the treaty demanded that the
Ebens give the US government
a list of names and
locations of people
that the Germans wanted
to test and genetically
harvest in human abductions.
Were Betty and Barney
Hill on a US treaty list?
Were thousands of
other human abductees
around the world since
the 1960s on a treaty
list with the United States?
Do intelligence agents who talk
about such a treaty really know
and trust non-humans that
are interacting with Earth?
What is the relationship
between the Ebens
and other extraterrestrial
types that
were listed for President
Ronald Reagan at that Camp David
briefing March 6-8, 1981?
In a previous "Truth Hunter,"
I dug into a document that is
supposed to be an accurate
transcript of that briefing
for President Reagan at Camp
David about UFO's and ET's.
It is called "Release
27a Reagan Briefing."
It was included in a series
of 35 reports between 2005
to 2007.
These were posted in
numerical order at serpo.org.
The anonymous leaker
identified himself
as affiliated with the
Defense Intelligence Agency,
and that his mission is
quote, "to facilitate
the gradual release of
confidential documents
pertaining to a top-secret
exchange program of 12 US
military personnel to Serpo,"
a planet of Zeta Reticuli,
and that this happened between
the years 1965 and 1978.
The information began to be
released on November 2, 2004
by a retired senior official
within the United States
Defense Intelligence Agency.
That is also known as the DIA.
This leaker calls
himself Anonymous.
Until he chooses to
make his name known,
this will be the way he
will be represented here.
Anonymous reports that he
is "not acting individually
but is part of a group of six
Defense Intelligence Agency
personnel working together
as an alliance of three
current and three
former DIA employees,
and he is their chief
spokesman," close quote.
There are sobering surprises
in the Reagan briefing,
as the intelligence agents
explained to President Reagan
that two of the alien
types on the list of five
were genetically cloned
or hybridized by the Ebens
and distributed to
other star systems.
That implies one
prime intelligence,
such as the Ebens.
They are so skilled with
genetic manipulation, cloning,
and hybridization
that they can be
the source of lots of
humanoid life spread
throughout the Milky Way galaxy,
including Homo sapien sapien.
That's what I read in that
alleged presidential briefing
paper at Kirtland Air
Force Base in March 1983
while working on a Home
Box Office documentary.
That also means
that in this cosmos,
there is other life, that
it is the result of cloning
and hybridizing from
already existing lifeforms.
That might also explain why
many humans in the abduction
syndrome have said that
aliens have introduced
them, the humans, to an
identical-looking human being,
a doppelganger.
But why?
And then there is the
discussion with President Reagan
about dangerous hostile
insectoids called Trantaloids.
In this next piece, Anonymous
describes more details
about the five
different alien types
released on the Serpo website
about the 1981 Reagan briefing.
Quote, "The Ebens cloned
other races of aliens.
The Archquloid is a cloned
biological entity, or CBE,
created by the Ebens
with big, curved noses--
also referred to
as Big Nosed Grays
by modern military personnel.
The Quadloids were also
cloned from two other species,
the praying mantis and
lizards," close quote.
So the Ebens
genetically engineered
these Archquloid entities
by rapid cycle cloning
and allegedly
presented two or more
to the United States government
for observation, examination,
and study, according
to the briefing.
Here is a summary
of what we know
so far from the alleged
President Ronald Reagan
briefing at Camp David,
Maryland on March 6-8 1981.
First, what I call a prime
intelligence are the Ebens.
That stands for Extraterrestrial
Biological Entities.
These are allegedly
from this planet Serpo,
a desert planet where
skies are bright or dim
but they're never dark, that it
orbits one of the Zeta Reticuli
binary suns in a solar system
39.4 lightyears from Earth.
Archquloids are Ebens'
genetically created beings
that we on the Earth have
called Big Nosed Grays
and that are defined
in the breathing
as being cloned biological
entities using a method called
rapid cycle cloning.
Archquloids are around
five foot six inches tall,
gray or tanned skin,
mushroom-shaped head
with large black
slanted eyes that are
yellow with vertical pupils.
The nose is very
large and beaked.
The name given by the United
States government insiders
probably relates to the
ancient Greek archon.
And that meant ruler or lord.
Writer Robert Emenegger,
who wrote "UFOs--
Past, Present and Future" with
producer Alan Sandler in 1974--
and Sandler also did
work for the CIA--
showed this illustration
in their book.
Emenegger later
told me face-to-face
that this illustration
was sketched directly
from a 16-millimeter
film frame that
was shot when the Ebens
landed at Holloman Air Force
Base in a formal meeting with
our military representatives.
That ET and human meeting was
also described to me by others,
including retired
Lieutenant Colonel Philip J.
Corso, who said the actual
meeting site was further
north, inside White Sands
Missile Range near the Trinity
site.
The date that I was
given was April 25, 1964.
Here's another sketch of an
Archquloid gray type made
by a Navy quartermaster
in 1972 based in Oahu,
Hawaii who saw black-and-white
photos of these five-and-a-half
foot tall extraterrestrials
in profile,
showing huge beak noses and
slanted eyes that had very
bright, vertical pupils
like a snake, he said.
One of the photographs showed
three of these five-and-a-half
foot tall Big Nosed Archquloid
that had been made genetically
by the Ebens with
rapid cycle cloning.
They were standing
against a cement
wall in a black-and-white
photograph
the Navy quartermaster
saw in 1972 while on duty
in Oahu, Hawaii.
That name, Archquloid, given
by US government insiders
probably relates to that ancient
Greek word "archon," meaning
ruler or lord.
And here on the left is
an Archquloid Big Nosed
Gray in a ropey headdress,
vertical pupil eyes, huge bent
nose, holding a telepathic
communication rod at,
I think it's White Sands.
Others have said
Holloman Air Force Base.
But the date, I think
everyone agrees,
was April 25, 1964, when the
US government had a meeting
with Ebens and an Archquloid.
On the right, carved
in ancient stone
is the Sumerian sun-god
Shamash, it also in a ropey
headdress as depicted
in Sumerian clay images.
The eyes have large
vertical pupils
like a cat or an alligator.
The coiled rod is described
as a communication device,
implying that rods in
Sumerian and Egyptian carvings
were communication devices.
They were used by Archquloids
to manage and control
the human creations and
workers specifically placed
in Mesopotamia.
If the March 1981 President
Reagan briefing is an accurate
transcript, then the
very advanced Ebens
turned Earth into a social
experiment very long ago.
But evolving primates
were deliberately
kept ignorant of the
true bigger picture.
Government insiders
who caught on to what
is really happening--
they might be running scared.
Perhaps they have
come to understand
that the Mesopotamian overlords
were actually Archquloids
that humans worshipped as
Sumerian or Anunnaki gods.
Those rapid cycle clone
biological entities
were made by Ebens, according
to the Reagan briefing.
And how ironic that the
Ebens made the Archquloids
and then made Homo
sapien sapien, who
worshipped the Archquloids.
Why did the Ebens put
the Big Nosed Archquloids
in charge of this Planet
Earth social experiment?
A third type of ET listed in
the President Reagan briefing
at Camp David are
called Quadloids.
The Ebens also genetically
engineered these Quadloids
by hybridizing praying mantis
and lizard-like creatures,
according to the briefing.
And "quad" in Latin means
"four," so perhaps they
are referring in
that name to the fact
that these entities have only
four fingers and four toes.
Ebens allegedly placed
these genetically-engineered
creatures on a planet
in the Zeta Reticuli
binary solar system.
A fourth type are
called Heplaloids.
No details are given
about characteristics,
but "hepla" in
Latin means "seven."
Could it be that these are
some of the tall entities
with white skin?
They are allegedly
from the planet DAMCO
near the Cygnus Arm
in a solar system that
contains 11 planets?
And DAMCO is described
as the fourth planet
out from that sun.
The fifth on the list
are the Trantaloids,
called "the dangerous
ones," and also known
in the government as hostile
alien visitors, or HAVs.
They are allegedly from the
third planet in Epsilon Eridani
solar system that is 10.5
light-years from Earth.
And this information is
from this web transcript
that everybody can go
to at www.serpo.org.
Now, returning to a piece
of the actual transcript
of this briefing
for President Ronald
Reagan in early March of
1981, one of the advisors
from NSA, NRO, DIA--
the intelligence groups--
is named Adviser Number 4.
And he says, Mr.
President, the Trantaloids
have strange materials, nothing
like those found on Earth.
And these aliens
can imitate humans.
They can look like blond humans.
However, they are not blond.
They are ugly-looking insects.
But they have the ability
to change their bodies.
They are 1,000 years ahead of
us in technology and probably
every other science.
Their spaceships have a
forcefield around them.
They can be shot down, but it
takes some doing on our part.
We know, or we can
recognize, their language,
which is entirely
different than the Ebens.
They use a very high
band radio system,
but they have
different frequencies
and it is difficult for NSA,
the National Security Agency,
to track them.
So according to the Serpo
leaks, the big picture
is Ebens, with their
genetically-created Big Nosed
Archquloids,
four-fingered praying
mantis and lizard
Quadloids, plus perhaps
some type of tall Haplaloids.
But apparently,
the Ebens warned us
about the dangerous
insect Trantaloids
from Epsilon Eridani.
All these ETs are very
skilled with making
cloned biological entities,
including the assertion
that the Ebens also made
Homo sapiens sapien,
our current container
model of humanity.
Ebens genetically
create all kinds
of organic containers
with DNA manipulation
to do work for them on various
planets, including Earth.
Those Eben-created androids
have included praying
mantis and reptilian humanoids.
But who are the so-called
Blonde Swedes or Nordics?
What is their relationship
to the Ebens or Trantaloids?
There is one startling
answer, perhaps,
to that mystery in the President
Reagan briefing in March 1981
that adviser Number
4 talks in more
detail about the technology
of the dangerous Trantaloids.
"Mr. President, in
their technology,
which is at least 1,000 years
more advanced than ours,
the Trantaloids have different
materials to work with.
Some of their materials
are not found on Earth.
Maybe they have more
than 104 elements
that are different than
ours, very strange materials.
These aliens can imitate humans.
They can look like blond humans.
And they are not blond.
They are ugly-looking insects.
They can imitate
looking like humans.
So which blonde Nordics
might be camouflage
for insect Trantaloids that
President Reagan was told were
actually dangerous insects?
Or are some blondes and
red-haired beings trying
to help android humanity,
such as the archangel Michael,
who historically has fought
off dragons and serpents?
I was also told that about
2,500 years ago, the Ebens
genetically experimented
with DNA changes
in humans living in
Bhutan, Tibet, and Nepal.
The result was that some
of those altered humans
were transplanted
to Central America,
specifically the
Mayans that were
related to that genetic
experimentation.
And that comes from
a Washington source.
My Washington
military source back
in 1983, who told me that the
Ebens made us and put us here,
they watch us live and grow--
they've been here since at
least the time of the dinosaur
origin some 250 million
years ago, maybe older.
He told me that he had read a
government classified report
that the Ebens collected one
of each species of dinosaur
and placed them either
in one big planetary zoo
or on different planets.
I ask him what
happened that caused
almost total annihilation
of Earth life,
including the wipeout of the
dinosaurs 65 million years ago.
And this is what he said, quote,
"I read in the Yellow Book
that an Eben three-dimensional
history of Earth
shows that the Ebens knew back
then, 65 million years ago,
that a very large asteroid
was going to hit the Earth.
The Ebens wrote that they were
saving one of each species that
was on this planet--
not just the dinosaurs,
but the ants, insects,
flies, snakes, fish.
The Ebens said they
took one of everything
to save all the species
before the asteroid hit."
So I said, it's a
Noah's ark rescue story.
And he said, that's right.
And I guess they've
experimented with life forms
here on Earth ever since.
But what bothers us is that
the Ebens can do most anything
they want.
They could have evaporated that
asteroid, even if it was big.
But they didn't.
Does that mean the
Ebens wanted to get rid
of their dinosaur experiment?
And what came next was
the rise of mammals.
Humans are primate mammals.
And the question we both talked
about without a clear answer
was, would the
Ebens save us humans
now if a big asteroid
was headed for Earth?
In the 1990s, I
was told that MJ12
had evolved to a different
letter number code that
began E2, perhaps related
to an alleged black budget
military organization with
a Defense Department called
E2 SCD, stands for the
Extraterrestrial Space Command
Directorate.
Whatever the letter
number name is now
as we head toward the
middle of the 21st century,
I would like to
share what I think
is one of the most
important leaked documents.
It is another executive briefing
for an unnamed president
on the subject of Project
Aquarius, top secret.
The next page is entitled
"Executive Briefing,"
perhaps meaning it has been
used for American presidential
briefings.
This is another page
classified TS/ORCON.
In June 1947, a civilian
pilot flying over the Cascade
Mountains in Washington state
observed nine flying disks,
later referred to as UFOs.
The Commander, Air Technical
Intelligence Center
of the then-Army Air
Force, became concerned
and ordered an inquiry.
This was the beginning of
the United States involvement
with UFO investigations.
That's not true.
It was earlier.
But this is what
they're saying formally.
In 1947, an aircraft of
extraterrestrial origin
crashed in the
desert of New Mexico.
The craft was recovered
by the military.
Four alien non-homo
sapiens bodies
were recovered in the wreckage.
The aliens were found to
be creatures not related
to human beings.
See attachment one, which is
not included with this leaked
Project Aquarius document.
That would have
been photographs.
In late 1949, another
alien aircraft
crashed in the United States and
was recovered partially intact
by the military.
One alien of
extraterrestrial origin
survived that crash in 1949.
The surviving alien was
male and called itself EBE.
The alien was
thoroughly interrogated
by military
intelligence personnel
at a base in New Mexico.
The alien's language
was translated
by means of picture graphs.
It was learned the
alien came from a planet
in the Zeta Reticuli star system
approximately 40 light-years
from Earth.
EBE lived until June
18, 1952, when he
died of an unexplained illness.
During the time
period EBE was alive,
he provided valuable information
regarding space technology,
origins of the universe,
and exobiological matters,
meaning other life
in the cosmos.
Further data is contained
in attachment two,
which is also not included
in this leaked document.
The next page, also
classified TS/ORCON,
states, "The recovery of Alien
aircraft led the United States
on an extensive
investigative program
to determine whether these
aliens posed a direct threat
to our national security."
In 1947, the newly
created Air Force
initiated a program
to investigate
incidents involving UFOs.
The program was operated under
three different code names--
Grudge, Sign, and
finally, Blue Book.
The original mission of
the Air Force program
was to collect and analyze all
reported sightings or incidents
involving UFOs, and determine
whether the information could
be interpreted as having
any bearing on the security
of the United States.
Some information was
evaluated with the idea
of using the gained data
to advance our own space
technology and future
space programs.
Of the estimated 12,000 reports
analyzed by the Air Force
were considered hoaxes,
explained aerial phenomena,
or natural astronomical objects.
The other 10% were considered
legitimate aliens sightings
and/or incidents.
However, not all UFO
sightings or incidents
were reported under
the Air Force program.
In 1953, Project
Gleem was initiated
by order of President
Eisenhower, who
believed the UFOs presented a
threat to the national security
of the United States.
Project Gleem, which became
Project Aquarius in 1966,
was a parallel reporting system
for UFO sightings and incidents
that you could say were real, as
opposed to those being parceled
out to Project Blue Book,
which had another reason.
Reports collected
under Project Aquarius
were considered actual sightings
of Alien aircraft or contacts
with Alien Life Forms.
Most reports were made by
reliable military and defense
department civilian personnel.
The next page of the
Aquarius document
classified TS/ORCON
says in 1958,
the United States recovered
a third alien aircraft
from the desert of Utah.
The aircraft was in
excellent flying condition.
The aircraft was
apparently abandoned
by the aliens for some
unexplainable reason,
since no alien
lifeforms were found
in or around the aircraft.
That aircraft was considered
a technological marvel
by United States scientists.
However, the operating
instrumentations
of the aircraft were so complex
that our scientists could not
interrupt their operation,
meaning stop or start or use.
The aircraft was stored
in a top security area
and analyzed
throughout the years
by our best
aerospace scientists.
And I am told that that is
a letter-number location
in the state of Utah.
The United States gained a large
volume of technological data
from the recovered
Alien aircraft.
A detailed description
and further information
regarding the aircraft is
explained in attachment three,
not included in this
leaked document.
The next page is
entitled "Sub Projects
Under Project Aquarias."
Paragraph one, Top Secret ORCON,
Project Bando, Proword Risk.
Originally established
in 1949, its mission
was to collect and evaluate
medical information
from the surviving Alien
creature and the recovered
Alien bodies.
This project
medically examined EBE
and provided United
States medical researchers
with certain answers to
the evolutionary theory.
OPR CIA was the category
responsible that
was terminated in 1974.
Paragraph two, TS/ORCON,
Project Sigma, Proword Midnight.
This was originally
established as part
of Project Gleam in 1954.
This became a separate
project in 1976
its mission was to establish
communication with aliens.
This project met
with positive success
when in 1959, the United
States established
primitive communications
with the aliens.
On April 26, 1964, a US Air
Force intelligence officer
met two aliens at a
prearranged location
in the desert of New Mexico--
this is what I was shown--
at Kirtland Air Force Base on
April 9, 1983 about this event.
The contact lasted for
approximately three hours.
It was based on the alien's
language given to us by EBE.
The Air Force officer managed
to exchange basic information
with the two aliens.
Attachment seven,
also not included
in this leaked document-- that
would be photographs and film.
This project is continuing
at an Air Force Base
in New Mexico, OPR MJ12/NSA.
This paragraph three is
TS/ORCON, Project Snowbird,
Proword Cetus.
Originally established
in 1972, its mission
was to test fly a
recovered Alien aircraft.
This project is
continuing in Nevada
under OPR, US Air Force,
NASA, CIA, and MJ12.
Paragraph four-- TS/ORCON
Project Pounce, Proword Dixie.
Originally established
in 1968, its mission
was to evaluate all UFO
IAC, which is the identified
aerial craft that our government
knows are extraterrestrials.
All UFO IAC information
pertaining to space technology.
Project Pounce continues
with OPR, NASA, US Air Force.
The next page begins TS/ORCON.
Several independent
scientific investigations,
at the request of the
Air Force and CIA,
were initiated during the
era of Project Blue Book.
MJ12 decided that officially,
the Air Force should end
their investigation of UFOs.
This decision was
arrived at during the--
and there is a word
that's not readable--
a meeting.
And this was an attachment
four, that also was not
included in this
leaked document,
but that the meeting
was held in 1966.
The reason was twofold.
First, the United States had
established communication
with the aliens.
The United States
felt relatively sure
the aliens' exploration of
earth was non-aggressive,
at least the Ebens, and
that they were not hostile.
Perhaps they didn't know
about the dangerous insect
Trantaloids at
that time in 1966.
It was also established that
the aliens' presence did not
directly threaten the
security of the United States
at that time.
Secondly, the
public was beginning
to believe that UFOs were real.
The National Security Council
felt this public feeling could
lead to a nationwide panic.
The United States was involved
in several sensitive projects
during this time
period, so it was
felt the public awareness
of these projects
would have jeopardized
the future space
program of the United States,
meaning if it were made public.
Therefore, MJ12 decided that
an independent scientific study
of UFO phenomena would be needed
to satisfy public curiosity.
The final official study
of the UFO phenomena
was accomplished by the
University of Colorado
under Air Force contract.
And this was the very
controversial Condon report
that inside researchers
say was deliberately
concocted to keep the
media and the public
from serious interest in the
UFO alien presence on Earth,
and to take away heat from the
Air Force and the government.
That Condon study concluded
that sufficient data did not
exist that would indicate
UFOs threatened the security
of the United States.
The final conclusion
satisfied the government
and allowed the Air Force
to officially step out
of the UFO
investigating business.
This page, TS/ORCON--
"When the Air Force
officially closed
Project Blue Book in December
1969, Project Aquarius--
this document--
continued operation
under control of the National
Security Council and MJ12."
The NSC felt investigations
of UFO sightings and incidents
had to continue in secrecy,
without any public knowledge.
The reasoning behind
the decision was this.
If the Air Force continued
its investigation of UFOs,
eventually some uncleared and
unbriefed Air Force or Defense
Department civilian officials
would obtain these facts
behind Project Aquarias.
And obviously, for
operational security reasons,
this cannot be allowed.
In order to continue the
investigation of UFO sightings
and incidents in secrecy,
investigators from CIA, DCD,
and MJ12 were assigned to
military and other governmental
agencies with orders to
investigate all legitimate UFO
IAC sightings and incidents.
These agents are presently
operating at various locations
throughout the United
States and Canada.
All reports are filtered either
directly or indirectly to MJ12.
These agents are collecting
reports of UFO IAC sightings
and incidents occurring on
or near sensitive government
installations.
Note, aliens have been
extremely interested
in our nuclear weapons
and nuclear research.
Many reported military
sightings and incidents occur
over nuclear weapon bases.
The aliens' interest
in our nuclear weapons
can only be attributed
to the future threat
of a nuclear war on Earth.
The Air Force have
initiated measures
to assure the security
of the nuclear weapons
from alien theft or destruction.
MJ12 feels confident
the aliens are
on an exploration of our solar
system for peaceful purposes,
at least the Ebens.
However, we must continue
to observe and track
the aliens' movement
until it is determined
that the aliens'
future plans contain
no threat to our
national security
or the civilization of Earth.
This near-final page
classified TS/ORCON states,
"Most governmental
documents pertaining
to UFO sightings, incidents,
and governmental policies,
including Project
Blue Book, have
been released to the
public under FOIA
or under various other
release programs.
MJ12 felt the remaining
documents of information,
not relating to Project
Aquarius but relating
to technological facts regarding
alien medical matters, the fact
that an Alien was captured alive
and survived for three years
under secrecy--
and I know that
was at Los Alamos--
this cannot be released to the
public for fear the information
would be obtained by SHIS,"
an acronym that is still not
clearly identified.
There was other information
obtained from EBE
that was deemed sensitive and
not releasable to the public.
Notably, Project
Aquarius Volume 9,
which pertains to tracing
the aliens' first visitation
of earth back some 5,000 years.
I will also insert that I
think that that is not correct.
I have been told
by a DIA source--
privately, confidentially,
anonymously--
that our government now
in this 21st century
has proof that three competing
extraterrestrial biological
groups have been
terraforming and harvesting
genetic material from our planet
for at least 270 million years,
from before the time
of the dinosaurs.
But continuing with
this Project Aquarius,
obviously written politically
for a presidential briefing--
and not telling the
president everything either--
Iba reported that 2,000
years ago, his ancestors
planted a human
creature on Earth
to assist the
inhabitants of Earth
in developing civilization.
This information was only
vague, and the exact identity
or background of this
information on this homosapien
was not obtained.
Undoubtfully-- that is a
word in this document--
if this information was
released to the public,
it would cause a
worldwide religious panic.
MJ3 has developed a plan that
will allow release of Project
Aquarius Volumes 1 through 3.
The release program calls for a
gradual release of information
over a period of time in
order to condition the public
for future disclosures.
Attachment five of this briefing
contains certain guidelines
for future public releases.
The last page of
the linked Aquarius
documents states, TS/ORCON--
"In the 1976 MJ3 report--
and this is in attachment
six, which is not included
in my leaked document--
it was estimated the
aliens' technology was
many thousands of years ahead
of United States technology."
Our scientists speculate that
until our technology develops
to a level equal to the aliens,
we cannot understand the large
volume of scientific information
the United States has already
gained from the aliens.
This advancement of
United States technology
may take many hundreds of years.
We are not alone
in this universe.
And this is Linda Moulton Howe.
Please, stay tuned
to my "Truth Hunter"
series on Gaia for more
whistleblower leaks
and surprises about the
cosmos, the solar system,
and the planet we live on.
[THEME MUSIC]